[DOCS] Docs/doc 95/doc 129/technical term tags for setup pages (#4392)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_docs/how_to_host_and_share_data_docs_on_azure_blob_storage.md

</Prerequisites>
    
   
## Steps

### 1. Create an Azure Blob Storage static website

- Create a [storage account](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage).
- In settings select [Static website](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/blobs/storage-blob-static-website-host) to display the configuration page for static websites.
- Select **Enabled** to enable static website hosting for the storage account.
- Write "index.html" in Index document.

> Note the Primary endpoint url. Your team will be able to consult your data doc on this url when you have finished this tuto. You could also map a custom domain to this endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the Primary endpoint url. Your team will be able to consult your data doc on this url when you have finished this tutorial. You could also map a custom domain to this endpoint.
```

    store_backend:
       class_name: TupleAzureBlobStoreBackend
       container: \$web
       connection_string: ${AZURE_STORAGE_WEB_CONNECTION_STRING}
    site_index_builder:
      class_name: DefaultSiteIndexBuilder
```

You may also replace the default ``local_site`` if you would only like to maintain a single Azure Data Docs site.

:::note
 Since the container is called ``$web``, if we simply set ``container: $web`` in ``great_expectations.yml`` then Great Expectations would unsuccefully try to find the variable called ``web`` in ``config_variables.yml``. 
 We use an escape char ``\`` before the ``$`` so the [substitute_config_variable](https://legacy.docs.greatexpectations.io/en/latest/autoapi/great_expectations/data_context/util/index.html?highlight=substitute_config_variable#great_expectations.data_context.util.substitute_config_variable) method will allow us to reach the ``$web`` container.
:::

You also may configure Great Expectations to store your <TechnicalTag relative="../../../" tag="expectation" text="Expectations" /> and <TechnicalTag relative="../../../" tag="validation_result" text="Validation Results" /> in this Azure Storage account.

> You can follow the documentation from the guides for [Expectations](../../setup/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_an_expectation_store_in_azure_blob_storage.md) and [Validation Results](../../setup/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_a_validation_result_store_in_azure_blob_storage.md) but unsure you set ``container: \$web`` inplace of other container name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can follow the documentation from the guides for [Expectations](../../setup/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_an_expectation_store_in_azure_blob_storage.md) and [Validation Results](../../setup/configuring_metadata_stores/how_to_configure_a_validation_result_store_in_azure_blob_storage.md) but be sure you set ``container: \$web`` in place of the other container name.
```
